[MAINT] add missing entries in changelog (#631)
mind-inria/hidimstat: CHANGELOG.rst

# under devellopement (0.3.0.dev)

## HIGHLIGHTS

## New features

* documentation: added high dimension section (PR #425)
* API: ``BasePerturbation`` can now be initialized with unfitted estimators. When this the case, the estimator will first be fitted before variable importance is estimated. (PR #571)

> * Doc: add D0CRT section in the user-guide (PR #621)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Doc: add Distilled Conditional Randomization Test (D0CRT) section in the user-guide (PR #621)
```

* Doc: add example with MEG somato data (PR #607)

> * Doc: add PFI section in user-guide (PR #553)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Doc: add Permutation Feature Importance section in user-guide (PR #553)
```

> * Doc: add DL and Knockoffs section in user-guide (PR #558)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Doc: add Desparsified Lasso and Knockoffs section in user-guide (PR #558)
```

> * Doc: add DL example on the diabetes dataset (PR #564)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Doc: add Desparsified Lasso example on the diabetes dataset (PR #564)
```
